Document partial manifest (#2279)
updatecli/website: content/en/docs/core/configuration.adoc

It accepts either a single file or a directory.
If a directory is specified, then it runs recursively on all the go templates (or yaml files) in the directory.

IMPORTANT: Manifest files starting with an underscore `_` are considered as partial files and are not executed. More information on the partial section below.

=== Partial

Partials are named, reusable fragments of an Updatecli manifest, typically used to define repeatable logic for:

* Scms (e.g., Git repository details)
* Sources (e.g., version checks)
* Conditions
* Targets

These fragments are automatically available to pipelines within the same directory, helping keep your main manifests DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) and maintainable.

A partial file must have a filename that starts with an underscore (`_`). Updatecli never loads these as standalone manifest files.

> IMPORTANT: Partial files are **concatenated** to the main manifest file during execution, and any `---` YAML document separator is **ignored**.

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Partial files are concatenated into the main manifest during execution. If a `---` YAML document separator is present, the partial feature will be disabled, as the resulting content would be treated as multiple separate YAML documents.
```
